feat: support configuration of helm_ls via lsp settings (#15)
cabrinha/helm.zed: README.md

# helm.zed

> Syntax highlighting for Helm templates by providing integration with https://github.com/mrjosh/helm-ls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Syntax highlighting for Helm templates using tree-sitter and integration of [helm-ls](https://github.com/mrjosh/helm-ls).
```

## Installation

> The extensions relies on the PATH environment variable and first look for 'helm_ls', then 'helm-ls'. If none is available, an error is showed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension relies on the PATH environment variable and first looks for 'helm_ls', then 'helm-ls'. If neither is available, an error is shown.
```

## Configuration

> This is an example of providing configuration for the language server via Zed's `settings.json`. For full reference of possible values, refer to https://github.com/mrjosh/helm-ls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of providing configuration for the language server via Zed's `settings.json`. For full reference of possible values, refer to  [helm-ls configuration section](https://github.com/mrjosh/helm-ls/?tab=readme-ov-file#configuration-options).
```

```json
{
  ...
  "lsp": {
    "helm_ls": {
      "settings": {
        "helm-ls": {

>           "logLevel": "warning",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          "logLevel": "info",
```
